{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf350
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue238;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Wine Tasting\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Download input file\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.facebook.com/hackercup/ajax/submit_dialog.php?pid=100623926681599"}}{\fldrslt \ul Submit answers}}\cf0 \
{\listtext	\'95	}-
\f1 \uc0\u8232 
\f0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
A group of Facebook employees just had a very successful product launch. To celebrate, they have decided to go wine tasting. At the vineyard, they decide to play a game. One person is given some glasses of wine, each containing a different wine. Every glass of wine is labelled to indicate the kind of wine the glass contains. After tasting each of the wines, the labelled glasses are removed and the same person is given glasses containing the same wines, but unlabelled. The person then needs to determine which of the unlabelled glasses contains which wine. Sadly, nobody in the group can tell wines apart, so they just guess randomly. They will always guess a different type of wine for each glass. If they get enough right, they win the game. You must find the number of ways that the person can win, modulo 1051962371.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs28 \cf0 Input\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs24 \cf0 The first line of the input is the number of test cases, 
\b N
\b0 . The next 
\b N
\b0  lines each contain a test case, which consists of two integers, 
\b G
\b0  and 
\b C
\b0 , separated by a single space. 
\b G
\b0  is the total number of glasses of wine and 
\b C
\b0  is the minimum number that the person must correctly identify to win.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs28 \cf0 Constraints\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs24 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}N
\b0  = 20\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 \uc0\u8804  
\b G
\b0  \uc0\u8804  100\
{\listtext	\'95	}1 \uc0\u8804  
\b C
\b0  \uc0\u8804  
\b G
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\b\fs28 \cf0 Output\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs24 \cf0 For each test case, output a line containing a single integer, the number of ways that the person can win the game modulo 1051962371.\
Example inputExample output\
5\
1 1\
4 2\
5 5\
13 10\
14 1\
1\
7\
1\
651\
405146859\
\
\
}